docs: Add migration guide from v4 to v5 to protocol-kit docs (#613)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/sdk/protocol-kit/guides/migrate-to-v5.md

# Migrate to v5

This guide references the major changes between v4 and v5 to help those migrating an existing app.

## Removing `SafeFactory` class

The `SafeFactory` class, previously used for deploying Safes, has been removed. The functionality to deploy Safes is now directly available in the `Safe` class through the new `createSafeDeploymentTransaction` method.

### Old Method Using `SafeFactory`

```typescript
// old v4 code
import { SafeFactory } from '@safe-global/protocol-kit'

const safeFactory = await SafeFactory.init({
   provider,
   signer,
   safeVersion // Optional
})

> const safeAccountConfig = {

Reviewer: Could you specify the type and add the right import?

Author: done!

   owners: ['0x...', '0x...', '0x...'],
   threshold: 2
}

const protocolKit = await safeFactory.deploySafe({
  safeAccountConfig,
  saltNonce // Optional
})

// Confirm the Safe is deployed and fetch properties

> console.log('Is Safe deployed:', await protocolKit.isSafeDeployed());
> console.log('Safe Address:', await protocolKit.getAddress());
> console.log('Safe Owners:', await protocolKit.getOwners());
> console.log('Safe Threshold:', await protocolKit.getThreshold());

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
console.log('Is Safe deployed:', await protocolKit.isSafeDeployed())
console.log('Safe Address:', await protocolKit.getAddress())
console.log('Safe Owners:', await protocolKit.getOwners())
console.log('Safe Threshold:', await protocolKit.getThreshold())
```

```

### New Method Using `Safe` class

```typescript
// new v5 code
import { Safe } from '@safe-global/protocol-kit'

const predictSafe = {
  safeAccountConfig: {
    owners: ['0x...', '0x...', '0x...'],
    threshold: 2
  },
  safeDeploymentConfig: {
    saltNonce, // Optional
    safeVersion // Optional
  }
}

let protocolKit = await Safe.init({
  provider,
  signer,
  predictSafe
})

// you can predict the address of your Safe if the Safe version is `v1.3.0` or above
const safeAddress = await protocolKit.getAddress()

const deploymentTransaction = await protocolKit.createSafeDeploymentTransaction()

// Execute this transaction using your Ethereum client

> const txHash = await client.sendTransaction({

Reviewer 2: You can get a client from protocolKit

Author: done!

  to: deploymentTransaction.to,
  value: BigInt(deploymentTransaction.value),
  data: `0x${deploymentTransaction.data}`
})

const txReceipt = await client.waitForTransactionReceipt({ hash: txHash })

// Reconnect to the newly deployed Safe using the protocol-kit
protocolKit = await protocolKit.connect({ safeAddress })

// Confirm the Safe is deployed and fetch properties

> console.log('Is Safe deployed:', await protocolKit.isSafeDeployed());
> console.log('Safe Address:', await protocolKit.getAddress());
> console.log('Safe Owners:', await protocolKit.getOwners());
> console.log('Safe Threshold:', await protocolKit.getThreshold());

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
console.log('Is Safe deployed:', await protocolKit.isSafeDeployed())
console.log('Safe Address:', await protocolKit.getAddress())
console.log('Safe Owners:', await protocolKit.getOwners())
console.log('Safe Threshold:', await protocolKit.getThreshold())
```

```

### Predict the Safe Address

> Before the Safe deployment, and if you are using Safe version `v1.3.0` or above, you can predict the address of your Safe account by replacing the `SafeFactory.predictSafeAddress` method with the `Safe.getAddress` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can predict the address of a Safe account before its deployment, as long as you are using Safe `v1.3.0` or greater, by replacing the `SafeFactory.predictSafeAddress` method with the `Safe.getAddress` method:
```
